hi I'm Myranda Valentine editor of the
lifestyle blog everything sounds better
in French and today I'm going to show
you how to make you want to bully now to
believe that wonderful Middle Eastern
salad that we all love so much it's
traditionally made with bulbar which is
a little type of wheat the great thing
about quinoa is while it's totally
packed with protein and it's one of
those great little superfood it's also
gluten free so people with a wheat
allergy or on you notice the gluten free
diet can happily enjoy this to bully
recipe so let's get started with our
ingredient we have of course one cup of
cooked quinoa which has been cooled this
is a chilled dish we have one cucumber
which has been chopped three tomatoes
chopped we have two carrots which has
been graded one cup of fresh chopped
parsley we also have a quarter of a cup
of fresh lemon juice a quarter of a cup
of good extra virgin olive oil we have
half a cup of fresh chopped green onions
or scallions associate
and then half a teaspoon of crunchy soft
so you can either use kosher or sea salt
okay so I'm going to add these all
together and then we'll be ready to
enjoy so let's start with our quinoa
we're gonna definitely want a bowl large
enough to be able to mix all this
together and then let's add in our
delicious cucumber this is such a great
dish it's good any time of year but
particularly like in summer or spring
like when the heat starts to come out
this is just such a fresh healthy yummy
yummy dish put in our tomatoes look at
all these beautiful colors carrots look
at this it's so colorful it's so easy to
do and it also keeps really really well
this is one of those dishes that like
the flavors combine and get more
powerful sort of the longer they get to
hang out with each other um so that's
another lovely thing about it you can
keep it in your fridge for a few days
add in the scallions ok now let's give
this a toss before we introduce our
liquids and then we'll do the salt at
the very end look how gorgeous this is
this is just like such a super yummy
healthy just yummy nutrient-packed
little dish isn't it okay so so good and
now let's do all of oil
just a little toss as we go just to make
sure every little bit gets equal amount
of water one little part to have olive
oil and the other not beautiful just
give that a nice little toss and stir
gorgeous just a little bit of colors if
you bring this to like a little potluck
or dinner party or picnic and sure this
is going to be one of the most popular
dishes it looks tasty and it's going to
be as good for your body as it is for
your taste buds so just give this a nice
nice mix gorgeous gorgeous and now let's
just do our or crunchy salt add that in
it's just so pretty and well worth all
the preparation and there you go it was
so easy to make it's going to be so
tasty so fresh so delicious a nice
little skinny old favorite that's how
you make quinoa tabouli thanks for
watching make sure to subscribe and if
there's something that you want to learn
how to make send me an email at request
at Mahalo calm and don't forget to check
out our other great videos